Colin Powell, an American statesman and a retired four-star general in the United States Army, once said, “A dream does not become reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination and hard work.” It is true that the price of success is hard work and determination. If one takes a look at the successful men and women in the world, he/she will realise that they climbed the stairs of success after years of hard work. Successful businessmen, including Azim Premji, Mukesh Ambani and Kumar Mangalam Birla did not become famous overnight. They burnt the midnight oil to master their skills and become competent in their trade. 
Mahatma Gandhi dreamt of an independent India when the British set foot in our motherland. If he had believed in magic, we would not be free from the shackles of British today. Instead of building castles in the air, Mahatma Gandhi fought for the country. He treaded the path of ‘Satyagraha’, which by any standard is not easy. Apart from fighting for freedom, Mahatma Gandhi preached unity among Indians. Today, we celebrate Independence Day, thanks to the dedication, determination and hard work of Mahatma Gandhi. Apart from this figure, Bhagat Singh, Jawaharlal Nehru and Subhash Chandra Bose also worked day and night to improve the lives of their fellowmen. Their dreams of India became a reality because they were confident of their abilities and were certain that their sincere efforts will pay off one day.
People who are focused and determined to be successful do not believe in the world of magic. The magical world is for people who are lazy. One who follows the path of magic is ignorant and oblivious to the key to success, which does not fall from the sky.
Success comes to those who believe in themselves and not in futile ways like magic. It is important to dream so that there is a purpose in life. However, one should be able to distinguish between dreams and reality. In order to make one’s dreams a reality, one should be diligent, confident and hardworking.  